[DOC-321] Disk full scenarios (#24101)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/troubleshoot/nodes/_index.md

    href="recover-disk/"
    icon="/images/section_icons/troubleshoot/troubleshoot.png">}}

  {{<index/item
    title="Handle disk full"

>     body="What to do when you run out of disk space."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body="What to do when you are running out of disk space."
```
